The app already looks pretty good.
With the Smolan and so on.
But now I want to be able to click on favorites here to remove this quote from my favorites.
Now in order to do this we somehow need to pass some data back from the mall to to view beneath it.
So to that favorite quote view this is the view very or the page where we opened the motile here through
pre-sent and this will be the page we do wants to mold gets closed.
So this also is the page where we need to kind of handle any data the model gives us back.
But the first question is how do we pass some data back from the model.
The answer is in the quote file on the dismiss method.
Here we can pass an argument and this is any data we want to pass to the next few.
Beneath that view so beneath the modal The View we were overlain.
So here I want to pass some data in case we like the unfavorite button.
Now in the template we can add a click listener to the unfavorite button and it could create a new method
on unfavorite or something like this.
But I can also use on close and let's say a pass through here to indicate that I also want to unfavorite
this.
So in the keyboard Dotty's file unclose currently takes no argument.
But here you could say remove equals false.
So I also provide the default value if no argument is passed as is the case with the normal close button.
Here I don't pass an argument in such a case.
I assume that you don't want to remove globe modal X using that quote that you don't want to remove
that quote.
Therefore I said removed falls but you are able to override it as we do here.
If you pass an argument which is true in this case and then I simply pass on remove to the dismiss method.
So now I ever pass false as a default or true.
If you tell me to do that as you do with the unfavorite button and now in the favorite's Yes file I
can handle that data and I know that if I get back to I want to unfavored the quote and if I get back
false.
Well I'm fine I don't want to unfavorite it.
The question now is how do I listen to that data.
How do I get this data.
The answer is here in on view.
Quote I present my model here and modal actually is just a view.
Therefore I can execute all the methods I can execute on a view controller.
I could dismiss the model from here but that of course would make no sense.
I would Precentor and instantly dismiss it but I could for example create a time out which dismissed
it after a couple of seconds.
But I can also access one of the many lifecycle hooks kind of.
Or I should better say events.
Such a view controller can you omit for example on did dismiss on.
Dismiss takes a function as an argument which is executed whenever this view is indeed dismissed.
So here I know that this will also give me back some data.
The remove argument I am passing here so I know that I will get this remove argument which is either
true or false.
I noted I get remove your and I know that will be a boolean of type Boolean.
So I pass this as an argument or I only two will in the end pass it for me to dis callback function
which gets executed whenever this Modal was dismissed.
This is what on did dismissed does.
Now before falling this to of some life let's dive deeper into those hooks we can listen for on view
controls on views